## Write a searchtree solution for asteroids.

You may use the following code to help.

play_asteroids.py takes a single asteroid game file and lets you play an interactive game. This is useful for checking out various games.

	python play_asteroids.py -i asteroid_game_11.json

Use

	qwe
	asd
	zxc

to move.

asteroid_tree.py runs a simple depth-first-search algorithm to find a tree-based solution to to problem and outputs a .csv file with the same name as the input file (but with a csv extension). This csv file is empty (except for a header line) if there is no solution.

	python asteroid_tree.py -i asteroid_game_11.json

Note that 's' is also a 'movement' (and going to a from it costs fuel) however it is not currently an action in asteroid_tree because it takes some care to implement in a DFS tree. 

Finally, asteroid_exp.py contains utility files, but it can be run in a standalone mode to check whether an answer works.

	python asteroids_exp.py -i asteroid_game_11.json -m asteroid_game_11.csv

Note that this will import getkey. If you are on a windows machine, you should carefully remove references to this, and the code should still run.

If you DON'T have a Windows machine, you can run this interactively (hit any key to advance):

	python asteroids_exp.py -i asteroid_game_11.json -m asteroid_game_11.csv -v

If you DO have a Windows machine, I believe there is a workaround
https://www.daniweb.com/programming/software-development/threads/115282/get-key-press
but have not tested it.

Your job is to make a copy of asteroid_tree.py (call it my_asteroid_tree.py) that can run as many of the game files as possible. You may explore difference search strategies, or expand to a different set of states (e.g., change the set of legal actions, or even what an action consists of---not that act supports actions that last multiple time steps). However, you are not allowed to change the Agent.act method or any of the code in asteroids_exp.py (it is OK to change it for debugging or to fix the getkey issue in windows, but not the fundamental rules of the game.) Save your .csv files, but make sure they were all generated by the same copy of your code. 

You may work with a partner. If so, only ONE of you should submit your code. Both of you should put your name on all source code and the README.md file that you create. Your README.md should contain a very brief writeup explaining how to run your code, what strategy you used and how it works (1-2 paragraphs worth) and if there any issues that came up.

## Grading
- 50 points for quality of strategy 
- 10 points code quality
- 10 points writeup quality
- 30 points for number of problems solved (this will likely be curved slightly)

